트럼프 부부 예고 없이 이라크의 미군을 방문하고 돌아오다 독일의 미 공군기지 방문
트럼프는 환호하는 군인들에게 '우리는 더 이상 "세계의 봉"이 아니다'라고 말한 이라크로의 깜짝 여행에서 돌아오는 길에 트럼프는 독일에 있는 미군을 방문하기 위해 두 번째로 들린 후 워싱턴에 다시 도착한다.
The Trumps arrive back in Washington after making a SECOND stop to visit U.S. troops in Germany on way back from a surprise trip to Iraq where Trump told cheering soldiers: 'We're no longer the world's suckers'
*Trumps touched down in Ramstein Air Base in Germany at 4am local time.
트럼프가 현지 시간 오전 4시에 독일의 함스타인 공군 기지에 착륙했다.
*They were greeted by a crowd of soldiers carrying Maga hats at their second unannounced visit.
그들은 두 번째 예고 없는 방문에서 매거 모자(대선 캠페인)를 든 군인들의 인사를 받았다.
*The Trumps secretly traveled to Iraq on December 26 to wish servicemen and women a happy holiday.
트럼프는 12월 26일 비밀리에 이라크로 여행하여 군인과 여성들에게 행복한 휴일을 기원했다.
*Trump was in the country for roughly three hours before the White House confirmed his whereabouts at the Al Asad Airbase in western Iraq, roughly 185 kilometers outside of Syria.
트럼프는 백악관이 시리아 외곽에서 약 185km 떨어진 이라크 서부의 알 아사드 공군 기지에서 행방을 확인하기 전에 대략 3시간 동안 미국에 있었다.
*It was their first visit to a war zone since the sitting president took office nearly two years ago.
현 대통령이 취임한 지 2년이 지난 지금 처음으로 전쟁 지역을 방문한 것이다.
*Trump announced last week that he's pulling American troops out of neighboring Syria, because the U.S. had 'defeated ISIS' in the nation that's also mired in a civil war.
트럼프는 지난주에 미국이 내전에 빠져있는 국가에서 'ISIS를 패배시켰기 때문에 시리아 지역에서 미군을 철수시킨다고 발표했다.
*'We're no longer the suckers, folks,' the president said of the decision while in Iraq. 'We're respected again as a nation.'
'우리는 더 이상 "봉(빨대)"이 아닙니다, 여러분'이라며 대통령은 이라크에서의 결정에 대해 말했다. '우리는 다시 한 국가로서 존경을 받고 있다.'
*'The United States cannot continue to be the policeman of the world,' he added.
"미국은 세계 경찰로 계속 활동할 수 없다"고 그는 덧붙였다.
By Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com and Francesca Chambers, White House Correspondent For Dailymail.com and Wires
Published: 02:09 GMT, 27 December 2018 | Updated: 15:08 GMT, 27 December 2018
트럼프 대통령과 멜라니아가 독일의 함스타인 공군기지에서 군대를 방문하면서 동부 표준시로 오후 8시경에 해외 미군에 대한 두 번째 예고없는 방문을 했다. 에어포스원이 연료 보급을 위해 중간 기착했을 때 대통령 부처는 이라크에서 군대를 만나고 돌아오는 길이었고, 현지 시간 4시경까지 매가 모자(대선 캠페인)를 들고 기다린 군인들을 만났다. 트럼프와 멜라니아는 목요일 아침 이른 시간에 방문을 마친 후 군중들에게 손을 흔들면서 미국에 안전하게 도착했다. 돌아와서, 대통령은 트위터에 다음과 같이 올렸다. 이라크와 독일에서 우리 군대를 방문하고 막 도착했다. 한 가지 확실한 것은, '우리는 "승리하는 법을 아는 사람인" 우리 나라를 대표하는 놀라운 사람들이 있다는 것이다!' 그것은 트럼프 대통령이 바그다드 서부 알 아사드 공군기지로 3시간 동안 여행하면서 전쟁 지역을 처음 방문한 지 몇 시간 후였다. 대통령은 연설과 성명을 발표하고 군대와의 사기 진작 및 이라크 군부 지도자와의 만남을 가졌다. 그는 국무 총리를 만난 것이 아니라 전화로 그와 통화했다.
President Trump and Melania made their second unannounced visit to US troops abroad around 8pm ET as they visited troops on the German base of Ramstein. The First Couple were on their way back from meeting troops in Iraq when Air Force One stopped to refuel and meet service members carrying MAGA hats who had waited up until around 4am local time. Trump and Melania landed safely back in the US in the early hours of Thursday morning as they waved to the crowds following their visit. Upon his return, the President tweeted: 'Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain, we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!' It came hours after President Trump's first visit to a war zone with his three-hour trip to the Al Asad airbase, west of Baghdad. The president delivered a speech to the rank and file, took selfies with the troops and met with military leaders in Iraq. He did not meet with the country's prime minister but spoke to him over the phone.
♣ 아인 알아사드 공군기지(IATA: IQA, ICAO: ORAA)는 이라크 서부 알 안바르州에 위치한 이라크 군대와 미국 군대 기지이다. 이라크 자유 작전(Operation Iraqi Freedom) 중 이라크에서 2번째로 큰 미군 기지였다. 2010년 1월까지는 제2 해병 원정대/서부 다국적군 본거지였다. 다른 주요 주둔군은 제3 보병 사단 제4 여단, 제82 공수 사단 원정대, 제332 의료 여단, 제331 유지 보수 여단(Sustainment Brigade), 수직 선상 배송 1파견대(VOD-1), VAQ-142, 해군 세관 줄리엣 대대, 이라크 육군 7사단 본진, 미 공군(USAF) 등이 있다.
1. Back home: Donald Trump and his 
first lady Melania arrived back to the White House early Thursday 
morning after visits to Iraq and Germany to visit U.S. forces.
귀향: 도널드 트럼프와 영부인 멜라니아가 미군을 방문하러 이라크와 독일을 방문한 후 목요일 아침에 백악관으로 돌아왔다.
2. Marine One has landed: Melania Trump wore sunglasses as she arrived with her husband on the South Lawn of the White House.
머린 원이 착륙: 멜라니아 트럼프는 남편과 함께 백악관 남쪽 잔디밭에 도착했을 때 선글라스를 썼다.
3. The President was pictured waving to the crowd at the airbase as he got off Air Force One and into his private helicopter.
대통령은 에어포스 원에서 내려
전용 헬리콥터로 가면서
공군기지의 군중들에게 손을 흔들고 있는 모습이 촬영되었다.
4. Touch down: The Trumps walk off Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland after their plane landed from Germany.
착륙: 트럼프는 비행기가 독일에서 돌아와 착륙한 후 메릴랜드의 앤드루 공군기지에서 에어포스 원에서 걸어 나온다.
5. On the way home: The Trumps left 
Air Force One hand in hand after their trip to see the troops, which 
began late on Christmas evening.
귀환 중에: 트럼프는 크리스마스 저녁 늦게 시작된 군대를 보기 위해 여행한 후 손을 잡고 에어포스 원을 떠난다.
6. President Trump and Melania made 
their second unannounced visit to US troops abroad around 8pm ET as they
 visited troops on the German base of Ramstein.
트럼프 대통령과 멜라니아가 독일의 함스타인 공군기지에서 군대를 방문하면서 동부 표준시로 오후 8시경에 해외 미군에 대한 두 번째 예고없는 방문을 했다.
7. The Trumps received a warm welcome at the German airbase.
트럼프는 독일 공군기지에서 따뜻한 환영을 받았다.
8. The First Couple were on their way 
back from meeting troops in Iraq when they stopped to refuel and meet 
service members carrying MAGA hats and had their phones prepped for 
selfies. They had waited up until around 4am local time.
에어포스원이 연료 보급을 위해 중간 기착했을 때 대통령 부처는 이라크에서 군대를 만나고 돌아오는 길이었고, 현지 시간 4시경까지 매가 모자(대선 캠페인)를 들고 기다린 군인들을 만났다.
9. Trump and Melania held hands as they walked across the South Lawn of the White House after the surprise visit earlier in the day.
트럼프와 멜라니아는 이날 이른 시간에 깜짝 방문한 후 백악관 남쪽 잔디밭을 가로질러 걸어가며 손을 잡았다.
10. Trump took to Twitter after returning to the White House calling the troops he met on his surprise visit 'incredible people'.
트럼프는 놀라운 사람들을 불시의 방문에서 만난 군대를 방문하고 백악관으로 돌아온 후 트위터에 올렸다.
Abdul-Mahdi's office said in a statement that 'differences in points of view over the arrangements' prevented the two from meeting face-to-face, but they discussed security issues and Trump's order to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria. The White House said security concerns and the short notice of the trip prevented them from meeting. Iraqi lawmakers told Reuters that the pair had disagreed over where their planned meeting should take place: Trump had asked to meet at the Ain al-Asad military base, an offer which Abdul-Mahdi declined. The President offered the Iraqi leader to meet in D.C. at a later date. 'I want to come and pay my respects most importantly to the great soldiers,' Trump said on the visit. 'Great troopers we have here.' Trump announced last week that he's pulling American troops out of neighboring Syria, because the U.S. had 'defeated ISIS' in the nation that's also mired in a civil war. 'We've knocked them out. We’ve knocked them silly,' he said of the U.S. assault on ISIS in Syria on Wednesday. He claimed that in Iraq that the terror group had been 'very nearly defeated' altogether and Turkey and other regional powers will finish the job. 'We're no longer the suckers, folks,' the president said of the decision to start packing up. 'We're respected again as a nation.'
11. Trump's Press Secretary, Sarah 
Sanders, tweeted a photo of the President meeting with senior military 
brass aboard Air Force One on Wednesday.
트럼프 정부의 새러 샌더스 대변인은 수요일에 에어포스 원을 탑승해 군 고위간부와 대통령 간의 회의를 찍은 사진을 트위터에 올렸다.
12.
 President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump made a surprise 
visit to Iraq on Wednesday — their first visit to a war zone.
도널드 트럼프 대통령과 멜라니아 트럼프 영부인이 수요일에 첫 전쟁 지역 방문으로 이라크를 깜짝 방문했다.
13. U.S. President Donald Trump and 
First Lady Melania Trump greet military personnel at the dining facility
 during an unannounced visit to Al Asad Air Base.
도널드 트럼프 미국 대통령과 멜라니아 트럼프 영부인은 예고 없이 알아사드 공군기지를 방문했을 때 식당에서 군인들을 맞이한다.
14. The secret trip came amid speculation that President Trump was not at the White House.
비밀 여행은 트럼프 대통령이 백악관에 없었다는 추측 가운데서 나왔다.
15. He had not tweeted for hours and the marine that stands guard when he's in the Oval Office was not outside the West Wing.
그는 몇 시간 동안 트위터를 하지 않았고 대통령 집무실(오벌 오피스)에 있을 때 경비를 서는 해병은 보좌관들의 사무실(웨스트 윙) 밖에 없었다.
16. President Trump had said he would 
visit Afghanistan soon but visited Iraq over the Christmas holiday, 
instead, several days after announcing that he will be pulling U.S. 
troops out of Syria.
트럼프 대통령은 곧 아프가니스탄을 방문하겠다고 말했지만, 시리아에서 미군을 철수시킬 것이라고 발표한 지 며칠 후 크리스마스 휴가를 통해 이라크를 방문했다.
17. U.S. President Donald Trump and 
First Lady Melania Trump greet military personnel at the dining facility
 during an unannounced visit to Al Asad Air Base.
도널드 트럼프 미국 대통령과 멜라니아 트럼프 영부인은 예고 없이 알 아사드 공군 기지를 방문했을 때 식당에서 군인들을 맞이한다.
President
 Trump said he does not plan to withdraw troops from Iraq, however, and 
could use the site as the home base for future operations in the region,
 according to Bloomberg News.
'If
 we see something happening with ISIS that we don’t like, we can hit 
them so fast and so hard they really won’t know what the hell happened,'
 he proclaimed.
Al Asad is roughly 185 
kilometers outside of Syria, where the president last week initiated a 
withdrawal of 2,000 U.S. troops. It is west of Baghdad, the capital of 
Iraq, which is approximately 220 kilometers to the base's east.
Trump
 never served in the military, having received a medical diagnosis that 
he had bone spurs. It helped him receive an exemption from mandatory 
service during the Vietnam War.
The 
daughters of the doctor who provided the medical excuse came forward 
before the president was known to be in Iraq on Wednesday to claim that 
their father offered the diagnosis as a favor to the Trumps.
Never
 before had President Trump been to a war zone before his secret trip at
 Christmas that followed announcements that his secretary of defense and
 ISIS point man were leaving the administration.
Both
 General James Mattis and Brett McGurk tendered their resignations after
 Trump's realignment of the United States' military posture in the 
country that's closely aligned with Iran and Russia.
Trump said Wednesday that his 'generals' had received multiple six-month 'extensions' to get out of Syria.
'They
 said again, recently, can we have more time? I said, "Nope. You can’t 
have any more time. You’ve had enough time. We’ve knocked them out. 
We’ve knocked them silly," ' he said of ISIS' operations in Syria. 'I 
will tell you that I’ve had some very good talks with President Erdogan 
who wants to knock them out also and he’ll do it. And others will do it 
to. Because we are in their region. They should be sharing the burden of
 costs and they’re not.'
The president 
had spoken to Turkey's Recep Erdogan prior to his Iraq trip and was 
invited on the call to visit Ankara. He did not appear to have taken the
 leader who has begun amassing tanks on his border with Syria up on the 
offer before leaving the Middle East for a second undisclosed 
destination.
18. President Trump was several hours outside of Syria and Baghdad during his trip to Iraq on Wednesday.
트럼프 대통령은 수요일에 이라크를 방문하는 동안 시리아와 바그다드 외곽에서 몇 시간을 보냈다.
♣
 아인 알아사드 공군기지(IATA: IQA, ICAO: ORAA)는 이라크 서부 알 안바르州에 위치한 이라크 군대와 미국 군대 
기지이다. 이라크 자유 작전(Operation Iraqi Freedom) 중 이라크에서 2번째로 큰 미군 기지였다. 2010년 
1월까지는 제2 해병 원정대/서부 다국적군 본거지였다. 다른 주요 주둔군은 제3 보병 사단 제4 여단, 제82 공수 사단 원정대,
 제332 의료 여단, 제331 유지 보수 여단(Sustainment Brigade), 수직 선상 배송 1파견대(VOD-1), 
VAQ-142, 해군 세관 줄리엣 대대, 이라크 육군 7사단 본진, 미 공군(USAF) 등이 있다.
19. President Donald Trump holds a red hat and pen to sign it with on Tuesday at a U.S. base in Iraq.
20. The Trumps took photos with U.S. forces before the president delivered a speech to troops stationed at the base in Iraq.
21. President Donald Trump waves as he leaves a dining hall after visiting members of the military at Al Asad Air Base.
22. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump greet members of the military as they arrive for a hanger rally.
In Iraq, the president described an odd-couple coalition of Turkey and 
Saudi Arabia that he says will finish ISIS off and rebuild Syria. 'The
 United States cannot continue to be the policeman of the world,' he 
said. 'It’s not fair when the burden is all on us, the United States.' Trump
 said he didn't want the U.S. to be 'taken advantage of any more by 
countries that use us and use our incredible military to protect them' 
as he complained that 'they don’t pay for it, and they’re going to have 
to.' 'In Syria, Erdogan said he wants 
to knock out ISIS, whatever’s left, the remnants of ISIS. And Saudi 
Arabia just came out and said they are going to pay for some economic 
development. Which is great, that means we don’t have to pay,' he 
rejoiced. 'We are spread out all over the world. We are in countries 
most people haven’t even heard about. Frankly, it’s ridiculous.' Lawmakers
 on Capitol Hill had been highly critical of Trump's sudden withdrawal 
from Syria and have promised vigorous oversight of the policy he elected
 to share with the world before alerting them. They worry that he's 
making a mistake yanking U.S. forces at a time that generals like Mattis
 and people close to the situation like McGurk say is too early.
Still,
 Trump confidently told reporters Wednesday, 'It’s time for us to start 
using our head. We don’t want to be taken advantage of anymore.' Legislators
 wouldn't have been alerted that Trump was traveling to Iraq this week, 
either, as the trip demands absolute secrecy to keep the president and 
his entourage safe. The president told reporters that he had actually 
planned previous trips to the region that had to be canceled 'because 
people were finding out' and it created a dangerous situation for the 
instiution. 'Pretty sad when you spend 7
 trillion dollars in the Middle East and going in has to be under this 
massive cover with planes all over and all of the greatest equipment in 
the world and you do everything to get in safely. Pretty sad when you 
spend 7 trillion dollars and you have to come in through military 
escorts and all of the other incredible things that they did,' he 
griped.
23. US President Donald Trump kisses 
First Lady Melania Trump as he speaks to members of the US military 
during an unannounced trip to Al Asad Air Base in Iraq.
24. Trump had reportedly avoided a trip
 to the region out of fear that he could be killed, but he said 
Wednesday that he was afraid for his wife and not himself.
25. Members of the military wait outside facilities where President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump visited Al Asad.
Trump
 had reportedly avoided a trip to the region out of fear that he could 
be killed, but he said Wednesday that he was afraid for his wife and not
 himself. 'I had concerns about the 
institution of the presidency. Not for myself personally. I had concerns
 for the first lady, I will tell you,' he said. 'But if you would have 
seen what we had to go through in the darkened plane with all window 
closed with no light anywhere. Pitch black. I’ve been on many airplanes.
 All types and shapes and sizes.' The
 president and first lady posed for selfies with the troops before 
President Trump delivered a speech to U.S. forces stationed there. 
President Trump said one of the young men told him in the dining hall 
that he'd left the military and reenlisted because of the current 
commander in chief. 'He came back into 
the military because of me,' Trump repeated. The president turned back 
to the soldier to tell him, 'And I am here because of you.' Before
 the president addressed the troops in a hangar rally, the first lady 
greeted soldiers, telling them, 'I am proud of you.' Her
 husband told the United States will defeat the terrorists. 'If anything
 should happen at all, nobody will ever have suffered the consequences 
they had suffered,' he asserted.
26. U.S. President Donald Trump, flanked by National Security Adviser John Bolton, meets political and military leaders.
27. Trump did no military service and claims to have opposed the original war in Iraq.
28. The president was in Washington, D.C. this week, because of a government shutdown.
29. He made surprise visit to a U.S. Air Base admit the shutdown that was expected to last until the New Year.
30. First lady Melania had been in Florida but returned to Washington to be with her husband on Christmas.
President Trump had said a month ago that he would visit Afghanistan at some point but visited Iraq first. 'It’s
 a place I have been talking about for many years, many many years,' he 
told journalists on Wednesday in a reference to his past claims that the
 U.S. shouldn't have waged war in Iraq after 9/11 and that it should 
have taken the oil as restitution. 'I was talking about it as a 
civilian,' he reminded. The secret trip
 came amid speculation that President Trump was not at the White House, 
because he had not tweeted for more than 12 hours and the marine that 
stands guard when he's in the Oval Office was not outside the West 
Wing. In a statement posted on 
Twitter, Sanders confirmed the visit in a tweet shortly after the wire 
service Reuters published photos of the president. 'President
 Trump and the First Lady traveled to Iraq late on Christmas night to 
visit with our troops and Senior Military leadership to thank them for 
their service, their success, and their sacrifice and to wish them a 
Merry Christmas,' she said. President 
Trump suggested last month that he could visit a 'war zone' soon after a
 report claimed that he was avoiding Afghanistan out concern for his 
personal safety. 'No, I'm going to a war zone,' the president told reporters as he left the White House over his Thanksgiving break. He
 didn't say whether he intended to visit troops in Iraq or Afghanistan, 
or when he might do so. He said in an interview that he hadn't taken the
 trip yet because he'd been so busy his first 22 months in office.
'I’ve been very busy with everything that’s taking place here,' he explained.
Previous
 presidents have scheduled closely-held surprise trips to war zones to 
visit with U.S. troops stationed overseas, sometimes timed to the 
holidays, including George W. Bush. The former Republican president made
 history when he visited the country in 2003 at Thanksgiving.
Former
 President Barack Obama made his first and only trip to Iraq three 
months after taking office in 2009. He made also surprise visits to 
Afghanistan in 2010, 2012, and 2014.
Obama's
 first Afghanistan visit came over Memorial Day weekend under the cover 
of darkness roughly 15 months into office. His White House claimed that 
he was spending the holiday at Camp David, only to gather reporters in 
secret at Andrews Air Force Base for the covert trip.
President
 Trump also left overnight from Andrews under a cloud of secrecy. 
Reporters traveling with him were barred from sharing their whereabouts 
until he had left the conflict zone. Credible reports on social media 
that Air Force One had been spotted in foreign air space, though, tipped
 off some that a secret trip was afoot.
The president's national security adviser, John Bolton, and Sanders were traveling with President Trump.
Senior
 White House policy adviser Stephen Miller, social media director Dan 
Scavino, spokeswoman Lindsay Walters and Melania Trump's chief of staff 
Lindsay Reynolds and spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham were also aboard Air 
Force One.
Outgoing White House Chief 
of Staff John Kelly, a retired marine general whose final day working 
for Trump is next week, did not join his boss on the unannounced trip 
abroad. Incoming chief Mick Mulvaney, who wears two hats now as Office 
of Management and Budget head and head of the West Wing, did not make 
the trip, either.
Mulvaey's office oversees the shutdown that affects a quarter of the federal government.
31. SWIFT EXIT: Trump announced this past week that he was pulling troops out of neighboring Syria immediately.
32. Trump is seen right signing a red 
'Make America Great Again' hat brought to him by a soldier at Ramstein 
Air Force Base in Germany.
33. The President and First Lady take a selfie with troops stationed at the Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany on Wednesday.
34. Soldiers lined up to greet the Commander in Chief at Ramstein Air Force base in Germany on Wednesday.
Meanwhile some of Iraqi political and militia leaders condemned Trump’s surprise visit  as a violation of Iraq’s sovereignty. Sabah
 al Saadi, the leader of the Islah parliamentary bloc, called for an 
emergency session of parliament 'to discuss this blatant violation of 
Iraq’s sovereignty and to stop these aggressive actions by Trump who 
should know his limits: The U.S. occupation of Iraq is over.' The
 Bina bloc, Islah’s rival in parliament and led by Iran-backed militia 
leader Hadi al-Amiri, also objected to Trump’s trip to Iraq. 'Trump’s
 visit is a flagrant and clear violation of diplomatic norms and shows 
his disdain and hostility in his dealings with the Iraqi government,' 
said a statement from Bina. The head 
of a powerful Iraqi militia that enjoys backing from Iran is threatening
 to expel U.S. forces from Iraq after Trump's unannounced visit.
35.The troops seemed excited to hear the President speak at the hangar at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq on Wednesday.
36. The First Lady took a seat and looked attentive as her husband spoke to the troops on Wednesday.
영부인은 자리에 앉아 남편이 수요일에 군대와 이야기하는 것을 주의 깊게 바라보았다.
37. Melania Trump also addressed the troops in Iraq on Wednesday, thanking them for their service.
멜라니아 트럼프도 수요일 이라크에서 복무한 것에 대해 감사를 표했다.
38. Mrs. Trump appeared dressed for the occasion, wearing military-colored light brown top and dark green pants.
트럼프 여사는 군복 차림의 밝은 갈색 상의와 짙은 녹색 바지 차림으로 이 행사를 위해 옷을 입고 나타났다.
39. The President and First Lady depart
 the stage after delivering remarks at the hangar rally during their 
unannounced visit to the Al Asad Air Base on Wednesday.
대통령과 영부인은 이날 알 아사드 공군기지 방문을 예고하지 않은 방문 동안 격납고 집회에서 연설한 뒤 무대를 떠난다.
40. The President greeted the soldiers at the Al Asad Air Base in Iraq on Wednesday.
대통령이 수요일 이라크 알 아사드 공군기지에서 군인들을 맞이했다.
41. An Army enlistee poses with the President for a selfie at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq on Wednesday.
육군 사병이 수요일 이라크 알 아사드 공군기지에서 설피를 위해 대통령과 포즈를 취하고 있다.
42. First Lady Melania Trump shakes hands with soldiers while President Trump acknowledges them as they arrive at the hangar.
트럼프 대통령이 격납고에 도착하여 그들을 격려하는 동안 멜라니아 트럼프 영부인은 군인들과 악수한다.
43. National Security Adviser John Bolton (center) listens as President Trump speaks at the hangar rally on Wednesday.
국가안보보좌관 존 볼튼(가운데)이 트럼프 대통령이 격납고 집회에서 연설하는 것을 듣고 있다.
Qais
 Khazali, the head of the Asaib Ahl al-Haq militia, promised on Twitter 
that Iraq’s parliament would vote to expel U.S. forces from Iraq, or the
 militia and others would force them out by 'other means.' Khazali
 is an avowed opponent of the U.S. who rose to prominence as a leader in
 the Shiite insurgency against the U.S. occupation. He was detained by 
British and U.S. forces in Iraq from 2007 to 2010.
Critics say President Trump's Twitter video of trip to U.S. air base in Iraq reveals top secret SEAL Team info
44. President Donald Trump and First 
Lady Melania Trump are seen above posing with soldiers who appear to be 
members of the elite Navy SEAL Team Five during their surprise visit to 
Al Asad Air Base in Iraq on Wednesday.
도널드 트럼프 대통령과 멜라니아 트럼프 영부인이 수요일 이라크 알 아사드 공군기지를 깜짝 방문 중에 해군 특수부대(Navy SEALs) 5팀의 일원인 것 같은 군인들과 포즈를 취하는 것이 위에서 보인다.
Donald Trump and his aides may have accidentally revealed classified information on 
social media by showing the faces of an elite team of Navy SEALs that 
has been deployed to Iraq. Trump, First Lady Melania Trump, and other senior White House aides made a surprise visit to soldiers at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq on Wednesday. The
 President and First Lady met with troops, posed for selfies, and signed
 autographs after news media headlines blasted Trump for not traveling 
to combat zones during the first two years of his presidency. After the brief visit, when Air Force One had left Iraqi airspace, Trump posted a video on his Twitter feed. It was set to Lee Greenwood’s God Bless the USA, a song that the President frequently plays at his campaign rallies. The
 video shows the President and First Lady posing for pictures with a 
number of soldiers that appear to be from SEAL Team Five, an elite 
special forces unit based out of Coronado, California. The
 President is seen shaking hands with members of the group, who were 
wearing full battle gear and special night vision goggles. During Trump’s visit to the base, he paused to take a selfie with U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Kyu Lee. Lee told the President that he was the chaplain for SEAL Team Five, according to Newsweek. ‘Hey, in that case, let’s take a picture,’ Lee said the President told him. Current
 and former Pentagon officials told Newsweek that information about 
which units are deployed and where is almost always classified.
45. During Trump’s visit to the base, 
he paused to take a selfie with U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Kyu Lee 
(seen above with Trump). Lee told the President that he was the chaplain
 for SEAL Team Five.
트럼프가 기지를 방문하는 동안 미 해군 소령 규리(위의 트럼프와 함께)와 설피를 찍기 위해 잠시 멈추었다. 리 소령은 미 해군 특수부대(Navy SEALs) 5팀의 군목(軍牧)이라고 말했다.
Revealing 
such information, particularly when those soldiers are deployed to an 
active combat zone, is a violation of operational security. Any
 videos uploaded to social media showing special forces soldiers almost 
always have their faces blurred so as not to reveal their identities, 
according to Newsweek. ‘Operational 
security is the most important aspect of personnel deployments,’ Malcolm
 Nance, a former U.S. Navy intelligence specialist who has experience in
 Iraq, told Newsweek. ‘The real names, 
faces, and identities, of personnel involved in special operations or 
activities, are usually a closely held secret in a combat zone. ‘Revealing
 them casually, through an unusual media exposure even if it’s the 
commander in chief, would prove a propaganda boom if any of this 
personnel are detained by a hostile government or captured by a 
terrorist group. ‘There would be no denying who you are and what you do.’ A
 Defense Department official told Newsweek: ‘Even during special 
operation demonstrations for congressional delegations or for the 
president or vice president, personnel either have their faces covered 
or their face is digitally blurred prior to a release to the general 
public.’ ‘I don't recall another time 
where special operation forces had to pose with their faces visible 
while serving in a war zone,’ the official said. The White House, the Pentagon, and Naval Special Warfare Command have yet to comment.