클링턴, 이라크, 중동 터키에서 대화 추구
Clinton Pursues Iraq, Middle East Talks in Turkey (Update1)
By Viola Gienger
3월 7일(블룸버그) -- 미국 비서관 힐러리 클링턴은 중동 평화와 에너지 공급 안정성, 이라크, 이란을 포함한 이슈에 대해 앙카라에서 첫 대화 동안 나토 동맹국 터키와 함께 할 것을 선언했다.
클링턴은 수석 장관 레셉 타입 에르도간과 만나면서 오늘 방문을 시작했고, 터키인들에게 현대 세속 터키의 창시자로 생각되어지는 무스타파 케말 아타트르크의 무덤인 아니카비르에 화환을 놓았다. 그녀는 남편 빌클링턴이 대통령이었을 때, 기념관을 방문한 적이 있다.
"이번에 나는 우리 새 대통령 오바마 편의 비서관의 자격으로 미국과 터키가 평화와 번영, 진보의 입장에서 함께 해야 한다는 것을 강조하기 위해서 왔습니다."고 클링턴은 말했다.
오바마 행정부는 터키가 이라크를 안정시키는 것을 돕고 시리아와 이란과 같은 미국과 외교관계가 깨지거나 제한된 그룹과 국가들과 연관된 중동 갈등에 중재할 것을 요구한다. 유럽 공동체 회원을 목표로 하는 터키는 필수 오일과 가스 통로를 형성하기도 한다.
"터키는 그 지역에서 주요한 역할자이다."고 유럽 다니엘 프라이드의 비서관 보조는 클링턴이 중동과 유럽 장기 여행을 시작하기 전에 말했었다. 새 행정부는 지난해 주지 부시 대통령시기 동안에 개선된 관계를 일으켜 새울 것을 추구할 것이라고 그는 말했따.
클링턴은 주로 무슬림 터키의 EU 허가에 대한 부시 행정부의 옹호를 지속할 것이고, 이번 주 초 브뤼셀에서의 이틀간 방문 동안 유럽의 관료자들과 그 이슈에 대해 말할 것이다.
Budget Cuts  예산 감축
그녀는 세계 경제 침체로 힘들어하고 예산 감축과 같은 수단을 요구할 수도 있는 IMF 대출 필요를 피하려고 노력하는 때 터키에 도착한다.
클링턴은 또한 오늘 터키 상대자인 외무부 장관 알리 바바칸과 아브둘라 걸 대통령과 만날 것이다.
정부 관료들을 능가하는 그녀의 활동을 지속하기 위해, 그녀는 대화에 4명의 여성들을 포함하는 미국의 "더 뷰"에 유사한 터키 텔레비젼 토크 쇼에 참여할 것이다.
터키의 관료자들은 아프가니탄 안정과 이란의 핵 프로그램에 대한 분쟁을 푸는 것과 같은 공동의 관심사들에 대해 미국이 이란에 작용하는 것을 도울 것을 제시해 왔다.
그 나라는 또한 중동과의 평화 대화에 중재 역할을 할 수 있다. 이스라엘이 팔레스타인의 가자 스트립을 지배하는 하마스 운동에 대항하는 22일 간의 군사 활동을 시작할 때까지 터키는 이스라엘과 시리아 사이의 직접 협상을 중재했다.
Gaza Offensive  가자 공격
군사적 연결을 포함하여 터키와 이스라엘 사이의 동맹은 이스라엘의 가자 공격에 대한 에르도간의 비난에 억제 받아왔다. 에르도간은 지난 달 다보스의 세계경제포럼에서 이스라엘 대통령 쉬몬 피레스와의 그 이슈에 대한 위원단 토론에서 나왔다.
클링턴은 이번 주 이집트 방문의 첫부분을 보냈고 예루살렘과 라말라, 웨스트 뱅크의 팔레스타인 권한 본부를 방문하면서 보냈다.
에너지에 관해서, 터키는 러시아를 지나고 그 국가 동쪽 지역의 카스피안해에서 유럽공동체에 가스를 전달하는 파이프라인을 설계할 것을 추구하는 그룹의 부분이다.
그 프로젝트는 러시아 에너지 공급에 대한 유럽의 의존도를 줄이도록 의도되었다.
미국과 터키의 동맹은 안카라의 정부가 미국 군이 이라크를 침력하기 위해 자신의 영토를 사용하는 것을 막았던 2003년에 제제되었다. 그들은 북 이라크에서 크르디쉬 반역자들이 미국이 군을 통제하도록 요구했던 터키를 공격하는 것이 증가하면서 다시 제제받았다.
Alleged Genocide 대량 학살 주장
관계가 개선된다해도, 이견은 남아있다. 미국은 터키인과 미국 관료자들이 1915년에 대량 학살에 의해 손상된 관계를 정상화하는 것을 억제해 왔다.
아르메니아는 터키인들이 1.5백만 사람들을 학살 했다고 주장한다. 터키는 그 책임을 부정하고 그 주장을 조사해 달라고 양 국가들로부터 지성인들을 불러등렸다. 두 국가들 간의 국경은 1993년 이래 폐쇄된 체로 남아있다.
미국 입법부의 한 그룹은 흉악한 대량학살에 대한 과거 주장에 대한 해결을 뒤로 미루었다. 그들은 터키를 분노케 하는 행동을 거부하는 부시 행정부에 의해 거절 되었다.
미국과 EU는 남오세티아 지역의 분리에 대한 8월의 5일간 전쟁을 한 러시아와 조지아를 포함하는 지역을 안정시키는 수단들로 양 국가들의 보다 밀접한 관계를 원한다.
To contact the reporter on this story:
Viola Gienger
in Ankara via the Washington newsroom at
vgienger@bloomberg.net
Last Updated: March 7, 2009 06:56 EST
Clinton Pursues Iraq, Middle East Talks in Turkey (Update1)
By Viola Gienger
March 7 (Bloomberg) -- U.S. Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton
vowed to work with NATO ally Turkey as she held her first talks in Ankara on issues including Iraq, Iran, peace in the Middle East and the security of energy supplies.
Clinton began her visit today by meeting with Prime Minister
Recep Tayyip Erdogan
and laying a wreath at Anitkabir, the tomb of
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
, considered by Turks to be the founder of modern, secular Turkey. She’d visited the memorial complex previously when her husband, Bill, was president.
“This time I come as secretary of state on behalf of our new president, President Obama, to emphasize the work the U.S. and Turkey must do together on behalf of peace, prosperity and progress,” Clinton said.
The Obama administration needs Turkey to help stabilize Iraq and to mediate in Middle East conflicts involving countries and groups with limited or broken diplomatic ties with the U.S., such as Syria and Iran. Turkey, which aspires to European Union membership, also forms a vital oil and gas corridor.
“Turkey is a major player in the region,” Assistant Secretary of State for Europe
Daniel Fried
said before Clinton began her week-long trip to the Middle East and Europe. The new administration will seek to build on relations that improved during the last year of
George W. Bush
’s presidency, he said.
Clinton is continuing the Bush administration’s advocacy for predominantly Muslim Turkey’s admission into the EU and raised the issue with European officials during a two-day stop in Brussels earlier this week.
Budget Cuts
She arrives in Turkey as it struggles with the effects of the global economic crisis and Erdogan tries to stave off the need for an International Monetary Fund loan, which would likely require measures such as budget cuts.
Clinton will also meet today with her Turkish counterpart, Foreign Minister
Ali Babacan
and President
Abdullah Gul
.
Continuing her outreach beyond government officials, she will participate in a Turkish television talk show akin to America’s “The View,” in which four women engage in conversation.
Turkish officials have offered to help the U.S. engage Iran on common interests such as stabilizing Afghanistan and resolving the dispute over Iran’s nuclear program.
The country also could play a role in mediating peace talks in the Middle East. Turkey brokered indirect negotiations between Israel and Syria, until the Israelis began a 22-day military operation against the Hamas movement that controls the Palestinian Gaza Strip.
Gaza Offensive
Ties between Turkey and Israel, including close military links, have been strained over Erdogan’s criticism of Israel’s Gaza offensive. Erdogan last month walked out of a panel discussion on the issue with Israeli President
Shimon Peres
at the World Economic Forum in Davos.
Clinton spent the first part of her trip this week in Egypt and visiting Jerusalem and Ramallah, the Palestinian Authority headquarters in the West Bank.
On energy, Turkey is part of a group seeking to build a pipeline that would bypass Russia and transport gas from the Caspian Sea on the country’s eastern border to the EU.
The project is intended to reduce Europe’s reliance on energy supplies from Russia.
Ties between the U.S. and Turkey were strained in 2003 when Ankara’s government barred U.S. troops from using its territory to invade Iraq. They were strained again in 2007 as Kurdish rebels based in northern Iraq increased cross-border attacks on Turkey, which demanded the U.S. help control the militants.
Alleged Genocide
Although relations have improved, differences remain. The U.S. has pressed Turkish and Armenian officials to work on normalizing relations damaged by an alleged genocide in 1915.
Armenia alleges that Turks committed genocide against 1.5 million of its people. Turkey denies the charges and has called on intellectuals from both nations to jointly investigate the claims. A border between the two countries has remained closed since 1993.
A group of U.S. lawmakers have backed resolutions in the past declaring that the atrocities constitute genocide. They were rejected by the Bush administration, which resisted an action that would have inflamed Turkey.
The U.S. and the EU want closer contacts between the two countries as a means of stabilizing a region that includes Russia and Georgia, which fought a five-day war in August over the breakaway region of South Ossetia.
To contact the reporter on this story:
Viola Gienger
in Ankara via the Washington newsroom at
vgienger@bloomberg.net
Last Updated: March 7, 2009 06:56 EST