사우디 친구가 이란에 여행을 다녀왔다.
휴식 겸, 이슬람 종교 유적지 답사 겸
짧게 다녀 왔지만 너무나 날씨도 좋고
자연환경이 너무 좋아서 행복했다고..
우리가 아는 이란은 전쟁과 테헤란로 정도로
기억되는 나라지만 80년대 전쟁 이후로
여느 중동국과는 달리 낙후돼있다고 한다.
(참고: 이란/이라크 전쟁 - 지식백과 바로가기)
사우디만큼 면적이 넒은 이란
(몰랐다 ^^;; 약 50만㎢ 작음)
아래는 이란과 이라크관련 질문에 대한
친구의 페북 메세지
yes,
there was a war but now the two people are friendly
because they have the same religious culture and the war was because of the old regime in iraq,
iran is isolated from the rest of the world
because america imposed sanctions on the country, so
everything there is still old-fashioned
. they dont have mcdonalds or gap or guess. almost everything is locally made from cars to energy. you don't see a lot of smart phones there.
most people still use the old phones.
their religion is muslim-shiaa just like the people of iraq and some parts of syria and the south of lebanon.
the  biggest religious sight for shiaa is in iraq but iran also has one of the most important ones
, thats why i went.
정치적 종교적 이유로 발전이 더디지만
이란이 갖고있는 자연환경은 amazing하다고
날씨도 좋고 깨끗한 자연에 수많은 꽃들..
유기농으로 재배된 식재료들
(꽃이 지천이라 이란산 꿀이 유명하다고..)
친구는 지금 임신 초기라 속이 불편한데
이란에서 먹은 음식들이 사우디에서와 달리
소화도 잘되고 속도 편해서 엄청 먹었다고. ^^
if you stay away from the cities and go north or south to the mountains or the countryside,
iran is one of the most beautiful places in the world
. the weather is pure and cool and amazing and flowers grow like crazy.
thats why iran is very famous for producing honey, real, natural, healthy honey not the honey you see in the supermarket. and because
they grow there fruits and veggies the natural way and not use GMF
(genetically modified food) there fruits and vegetables taste amazing. the tomato is red and sweet, the fruits sweet and aromatic. now because i am pregnant every thing i eat gives me indigestion and discomfort and heart-burn but
in iran
i ate so much and didnt have that feeling because everything is natural.
아직 이란산 꿀을 못받았는데
지난 주 아람코 놀러갔을 때 이란에서 사온
선물을 받았다.. ^^ 완전 신기
수공예로 만들었다는 러블리한 러그와
각종 첨가물 안들어간 천연 달달이들
러그는 잘 보관했다가 한국에 가져가야지..
이 아이는 각족 과일들로 색을 낸
천연 캔디인데 따듯한 물에 하나씩
기호에 따라 녹여먹으면 감기에도 좋다고 ^^
이란의 깨끗한 자연환경에 대한 NGO의 기사 사진과 링크
NGOs Tell It On the Mountains in Iran (Clean Up!)
(기사 바로가기)
오홍~~ 사진으로만 봐도 청량한 느낌이~!