이 글은 MLB.com의 Alden Gonzalez가 작성했습니다.
http://mlb.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20100113&content_id=7911808&vkey=news_mlb&fext=.jsp&c_id=mlb
http://www.gamewornuniforms.com/catalog/images/Florida_Marlins_logo.gif
Before Spring Training begins and preparation for the 2010 season gets under way, the Marlins will give a little back -- and make a little history in the process.
2010년을 대비해 스프링 트레이닝이 시작되기 전, 말린스는 사회에 무엇인가를 환원하려는 듯 합니다. 또 이것은 조직의 역사에 한 획을 추가하는 일이기도 합니다.
Several members of the organization will be paying a visit to United States military personnel serving in Iraq and Kuwait from Jan. 24-Feb. 1, making the Marlins the first Major League franchise to travel to the region since the war in Iraq started, a team-issued news release announced Wednesday.
구단의 여러 선수들이 이라크와 쿠웨이트의 장병들을 방문할 것입니다. 기간은 1월 24일부터 2월 1일까지입니다. 말린스 이라크 전쟁이 시작된 이래로 처음으로 그 지역을 방문하는 메이저리그 팀입니다. 이 소식은 지난 수요일에 발표되었습니다.
Representing the Marlins will be manager Fredi Gonzalez, reigning National League Rookie of the Year Chris Coghlan, catcher John Baker, president of baseball operations Larry Beinfest, senior director of team travel Bill Beck and director of marketing and promotions Matt Britten. The club will also be sending four members of the Mermaids dance group.
프레디 곤잘레스 감독이 말린스를 대표할 것이며, 내셔널리그 올해의 신인상을 수상한 크리그 코그란, 포수 존 베이커, 야구 경영관리부 부장 래리 베인페스트, 원정경기 상급 지도자 빌 벡, 그리고 마케팅부 관리자 맷 브리튼이 갈 것입니다. 또 팀은 머메이드 댄스 팀 중 4명을 함께 보낼 것입니다.
"We are extremely proud of the men and women who serve our country, and we are thankful for this unique opportunity to show our appreciation," Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria said in a statement. "This trip is important to all of us, and we take our responsibility to support our soldiers very seriously. The Marlins have long enjoyed a great relationship with the military, and we're proud to continue this great tradition."
“우리는 우리나라에 종사하고 있는 남녀들이 자랑스러우며, 이러한 감정을 표출할 특별한 기회를 가지게 되어 영광입니다.”라고 말린스 구단주 제프리 로리아가 말했습니다. “이 여행은 우리 모두에게 중요한 것입니다. 우리는 군인들을 뒷받침할 책임을 질 자세가 되어 있습니다. 말린스는 지금까지 군과 좋은 관계를 유지해왔으며, 이러한 전통을 잇는다는 사실에 자랑스러움을 금할 수 없습니다.”
Coghlan's brother, Kevin, is a corporal in the U.S. Marines, and Gonzalez attended the Army-Navy college football game with his son, Alex, in December.
코그란의 동생 케빈은 미 해병대의 상병입니다. 그리고 곤잘레스는 지난 12월, 자신의 아들 알렉스와 함께 육-해군 대학교의 풋볼 경기를 관람했습니다.
The Marlins will be making the trip in association with Armed Forces Entertainment, the official Department of Defense agency for providing entertainment to U.S. military personnel overseas, which hosts more than 1,200 shows around the world each year.
말린스는 국방부 소속의 군위문단과 함께 이 여행을 할 것입니다. 군위문단은 해외 주둔 미군에게 오락거리를 제공하는 임무를 담당합니다. 군위문단은 1년에 1200개 이상의 쇼를 진행합니다.
The Marlins will be providing daily blog updates and photos of their trip on marlins.com.
말린스는 이 여행의 내용을 매일매일 블로그에 올릴 것이며, 사진들은 marlins.com에서 확인할 수 있습니다.
"We are very excited the Marlins ballclub will be touring Southwest Asia with Armed Forces Entertainment, and we know the troops stationed overseas will enjoy the little piece of home they'll get with a visit from some of their favorite professional athletes," Col. Edward F. Shock, chief of AFE, said in a statement. "We know how busy this time of year can be with the team preparing to begin Spring Training, so we are honored the players, manager and dance team members are taking time away from their already hectic schedules to visit with our men and women in uniform."
“우리는 매우 흥분해있습니다. 말린스 구단이 군위문단과 함께 서남아시아로 여행을 떠나 해외의 군인들과 여흥을 즐길 것입니다. 군인들이 좋아하는 선수들과 함께 시간을 보내게 되는 것입니다.”라고 AFE의 수장인 육군 대령 에드워드 F 쇼크가 말했습니다. “우리는 이 기간에 선수들이 스프링 트레이닝 때문에 얼마나 바쁜지 압니다. 선수들과 감독, 그리고 댄스 팀의 구성원들이 눈코 뜰 새 없는 스케줄을 뒤로하고 우리의 장병들을 위해 떠난다는 것을 영광스럽게 생각합니다.