탈라바니 이라크 대통령, 한국의 경제 협력 기회 창출 노력 보장
1. (C) 요약: 잘랄 탈라바니 이라크 대통령과 이명박 한국 대통령은 2월 24일 서울에서 경제협력 기회를 개발하기 위한 포괄적인 협력에 동의하는 내용의 양해각서에 서명했다. 청와대의 언론 발표와는 반대로, 양해각서는 어느 쪽도 구체적인 내용을 약속하지 않았다. 곽성규 외교통상부 중동과장은 오는 5월 바그다드에서 열리는 장관급 회담에서 구체적인 사항이 합의될 것이라고 말했다. 탈라바니 대통령은 한국 국민들의 이라크 여행을 금지한 한국정부의 조치를 중단해줄 것을 요청했지만, 이 대통령은 수용하지 않았다. 한국의 인천공항공사는 쿠르드 지역정부와 아르빌 국제공항 운영에 관한 3100만 달러 규모의 계약을 체결했다. 이라크 외무부 차관은 탈라바니 대통령이 이란에 이틀간 체류한 뒤 이라크로 가는 중이라고 대사에게 말했다.
2. (C) 탈라바니 대통령은 바르자니 쿠르드 지방정부 총리를 포함해 경제계 인사, 정부 관료 등 60명을 동행하고 2월 23일부터 26일까지 한국을 방문했다. 탈라바니 대통령은 경제협력 확대 방안에 합의하는 내용의 양해각서에 서명했다. 2월 26일 곽 과장은 청와대의 언론발표문은 정상회담 이전의 초안으로, 너무 일찍 발표되었다고 주한 미 대사관에 말했다. 이 언론보도문은 한국이 이라크에 발전소를 비롯해 35억 5천만 달러 상당의 인프라를 건설해주는 대가로, 약 20억 배럴로 추정되는 바스라 지역의 유전을 한국이 개발하는 권리를  승인한다는 내용이었다. 곽 과장은 초안 단계의 언론보도문에 발전시설이 언급된 것을 비롯해 이라크는 T-50 훈련기, 순찰선, 트럭 등 군사장비에도 관심을 보였다고  말했다. 2월 24일 우호적인 분위기 속에서 진행된 두 대통령의 회담은 1시간에 불과해 구체적인 합의 사항을 논의할 시간이 없었고, 대신 두 정상은 5월에 바그다드에서 열릴 장관급 회담에서 세부사항을 결론짓기로 동의했다고 곽 과장은 전했다. 이윤호 지식경제부 장관이 한국 측 대표로 참석할 예정이다.
3. (C) 한국 국민의 이라크 여행을 금지한 조치를 완화해달라는 이라크 측의 요청을 논의할 시간 역시 없었다고 곽 과장은 말했다. 그러나 탈라바니 대통령은 합동 기자회견에서 한국정부가 조치를 해제하는 것을 검토해달라고 이 대통령에게 공식 요청했다. 이 대통령은 답변에서 그 제안을 수용하지 않고 단지 한국 경제인들의 이라크 방문이 가능해지도록 최선을 다하겠다고 답했다고 곽 과장은 전했다. 곽 과장은 일반인들의 이라크 방문 조치 완화를 약속한 것으로 통역된 이 대통령의 발언은 정정되지 않을 것이라고 말했다. 그럼에도 불구하고 2월 26일 탈라바니 대통령을 위한 리셉션에서 라비드 아바위 이라크 외무부 차관은 한국 정부가 그런 약속을 했다고 대사에게 말했다.
4. (C) 탈라바니의 방한 동안, 한국의 인천공항공사는 쿠르드 지역정부와 아르빌 국제공항 운영에 관한 3100만 달러 규모의 계약을 체결했다. 계약에는 한국인 강사를 아르빌에 파견하는 내용도 포함됐다.
5. (C) 아바위 차관은 또 탈라바니 대통령이 이틀간의 이란 방문을 거쳐 이라크로 돌아가고 있다고 말했다.
6. (C) 첨언: 곽 과장은 방한에 대해 긍정적으로 평가했지만 한국정부는 이미 초안을 작성해 청와대 성명으로 언론에 발표한 경제협력 양해각서를 결론짓지 못한 사실에 실망했어야 한다. 곽 과장은 5월에 결론지을 것을 확신했다. 그럼에도 불구하고 탈라바니가 대규모 대표단을 이끌고 방한한 사실은, 한국이 최근 종료한 이라크 군사임무를 통해 형성한 관계를 양측이 활용하려 한다 점을 보여준다.
STEPHENS
원문
C O N F I D E N T I A L SEOUL 000291 
 
SIPDIS 
 
E.O. 12958: DECL: 02/26/2019 
TAGS: PREL ECIN EAIR IZ KS
SUBJECT: IRAQI PRESIDENT TALABANI SECURES ROKG COMMITMENT 
TO EXPLORE OPPORTUNITIES FOR ECONOMIC COOPERATION 
 
Classified By: Ambassador Kathleen Stephens. Reasons 1.4(b/d) 
 
¶1. (C) Summary:  Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and ROK 
President Lee Myung-bak signed a comprehensive cooperation 
MOU in Seoul on February 24 agreeing to explore opportunities 
for economic cooperation.  Contrary to a Blue House press 
release, the MOU did not commit either side to specific 
deliverables.  MOFAT Middle East Division Director Kwak 
Sung-kyu said the details would be agreed to at a May 
ministerial meeting in Baghdad.  Lee was non-committal on a 
request from Talabani to lift the current ROKG restrictions 
on civilians traveling to Iraq.  Seoul's Incheon Airport 
Corporation signed a USD 31 million agreement with the 
Kurdistan Regional Government to provide managerial expertise 
and training to the Erbil International Airport.  The Iraqi 
Deputy Foreign Minister told the Ambassador that Talabani is 
returning to Iraq via two days in Iran.  End Summary. 
 
¶2. (C) Talabani, in Seoul February 23-26 on a state visit 
accompanied by some 60 business leaders and government 
officials, including Kurdistan Regional President Nechirvan 
Barzani, signed an MOU with President Lee agreeing to explore 
opportunities for economic cooperation.  Director Kwak told 
us February 26 that the Blue House press release announcing 
that the MOU granted the ROK rights to develop oil fields in 
Basra, estimated at 2 billion barrels, in exchange for the 
ROK's commitment to build infrastructure in Iraq, including a 
power plant, for a deal worth a total of USD 3.55 billion, 
was drafted prior to the summit meeting and released 
prematurely.  Besides power generating equipment mentioned in 
the premature press release, Kwak said the Iraqis were also 
interested in military equipment, specifically T-50 training 
aircraft, patrol vessels, trucks, and light arms.  Kwak said 
the two Presidents simply did not have time in their amicable 
one-hour meeting on February 24 to work out the specifics of 
the agreement and instead agreed to conclude the details at a 
ministerial meeting to be held in Baghdad in May.  Minster of 
Knowledge Economy Lee Youn-ho will represent the ROK. 
 
¶3. (C) Neither, said Kwak, did the two leaders have time to 
discuss an Iraqi request that the ROK relax its restrictions 
on civilians traveling to Iraq.  Talabani, however, raised 
the issue at a joint press availability with a public request 
to Lee that the Korean government review lifting its 
restrictions.  Kwak said Lee was non-committal in his answer, 
saying only that he would do his best to facilitate the 
travel of Korean business people to Iraq.  Kwak said it would 
not be correct to interpret Lee's remarks as a commitment to 
relax restrictions on civilian travel to Iraq.  Nonetheless, 
at a February 26 reception for Talabani, the Iraqi Deputy 
Foreign Minister Labeed M. Abbawi told the Ambassador that 
the ROKG had made such a commitment. 
 
¶4. (C) During Talabani's visit, Seoul's Incheon Airport 
Corporation signed a USD 31 million agreement with the 
Kurdistan Regional Government to provide managerial expertise 
and training to the Erbil International Airport.  The 
agreement includes sending Korean trainers to Erbil. 
 
¶5. (C) Abbawi also told the Ambassador that Talabani is 
returning to Iraq via a two-day visit to Iran. 
 
 
¶6. (C) Comment:  Kwak put a positive spin on the visit, but 
the Koreans had to have been disappointed that they could not 
conclude the economic cooperation MOU for which they had 
already drafted and released a Blue House press statement. 
Kwak was confident it would be concluded by May. 
Nevertheless, that Talabani was in Seoul, and with such a 
large delegation, is an indication that both sides are 
working to capitalize on the relations Korea established with 
its just-ended troop commitment to Iraq. 
STEPHENS