이름
관리자
waterindustry@hanmail.net
작성일
2019.05.22
조회수
73
파일첨부
[우즈베키스탄] 워터겐, 부하라시 고아원에 
담수공급원 제공
워터겐(Watergen)은 우즈베키스탄의 부하라(Bukhara)시에서 고아원에 살고있는 120명 이상의 
어린이에게 담수 공급원을 제공하고 있다.
이 기술은 하루에 최대 900리터(L)의 물을 생산할 수 있는 ‘GEN-350’으로 알려진 대기 수 생성기의 
형태로 제공된다.
인기있는 관광지이지만 건조한 기상 조건과 관련이 있는 Bukhara는 최근 심각한 물 부족 현상을 겪고 있다. 
5월 초 물 공급이 거의 2일 동안 중단되었다.
부하라 전체 도시는 여러 개의 호텔을 포함하여 식수없이 버려졌다. 지역의 지하수는 사용할 수 없으므로, 현재 약 
300km 떨어진 사마르 칸트에서 담수화가 공급되고 있다.
800kg의 무게로 'GEN-350'은 운반이 가능하며 쉽게 설치할 수 있다. 각 장치에는 내부 수처리 시스템이 
포함되어 있으며, 작동하기 위해 전기 공급원을 제외하고는 인프라가 필요하지 않다.
'GEN-350'은 약 2개월 동안 가동되는 테스트 파일럿의 일환으로 고아원에 설치되어 발전소가 Bukhara의 
건조한 환경에서 수백 리터의 깨끗하고 안전한 식수를 생산할 수 있는 고유 한 기능을 시연한다 .
'GEN-350'의 통수식에 참석한 우즈베키스탄에서는 아킬베이 라마토프(Achilbay Ramatov) 
제1부총리, 오타베크 무로도프(Otabek Murodov) 검찰국장, 우크탐 바르노예프(Uktam Barnoev) 부하라주지사, 카림 
카몰로프(Karim Kamolov) 시장 등 고위 정치지도자들이 참석했다.
Watergen의 세일즈 및 마케팅 담당 부사장인 마이클 러트먼(Michael Rutman)은 
"'GEN-350'의 결과에 매우 만족한다. 'GEN-350'에서 고품질의 물을 마시게 되어 매우 기쁘다"라고 말했다.
Watergen의 사장인 마이클 미릴라슈빌리(Michael Mirilashvili)는 "우즈베키스탄의 
수도사업회사는 공기 해결책으로 인한 우리의 물공급에 찬사를 보냈고, 우즈베키스탄의 다른 여러 지역에서 파일럿를 운영하도록 요청했다"면서 
"부하라의 대기 중 습도는 20%에 불과하지만 'GEN-350'은 여전히 수백 리터의 고품질 음용수를 생성할 수 있었다"라고 말했다.
미릴라슈빌리(Mirilashvili) 사장은 "Watergen의 목표인 전세계의 모든 인간에게 깨끗하고 안전한 
식수를 공급하는 비전을 가지게 하는 것"이라면서 "Watergen이 전세계에서 사용할 수 있는 깨끗하고 맑은 물을 만들기 위해 노력한 결과 
2018년 세계경제포럼의 세계 최고의 기술 개척자 명단에 올랐다"라고 말했다.
워터겐 소개
2009년 설립된 Watergen은 대표인 Dr. Michael 
Mirilashvili의 지도 아래 세계적인 수자원 위기 해결을 위한 혁신적인 기술을 개발했다. Watergen은 독창적인 특허기술인 
'GENius' 기술을 기반으로 공기 중에 습도를 사용하여 사람들에게 깨끗하고 신선한 식수를 제공하는 게임 방식의 물에서 공기까지의 솔루션을 
제공하고 있다.
이 회사는 다양한 응용 분야의 요구에 부응하기 위해 다양한 수증기 대기 생성기(WAG)를 제공하고 있다. 하루에 
27리터의 물을 생산할 수 있는 가정용 GENNY, 하루 최대 900리터의 물을 생산하는 중간 규모의 'GEN-350' 및 하루 5,000리터의 
물을 대량 생산할 수 있는 산업용 대형 규모가 있다.
Watergen의 WAG는 전 세계 여러 국가에 설치되어 있다.
[원문보기]
Watergen Provides 120 Orphans In 
Uzbekistan With Fresh Water From Air
Watergen, an Israel-based innovative company that creates clean 
water out of air is now providing a source of freshwater for over 120 children 
living in an orphanage in Uzbekistan’s city of Bukhara.
The technology comes in the form of an atmospheric water 
generator known as the “GEN-350,” which can produce up to 900 liters of water 
per day. A popular tourist destination but also associated with arid weather 
conditions, Bukhara has recently been experiencing serious water shortages.
Earlier this month, water supply was even disrupted for 
almost two days. The entire city of Bukhara was left without drinking water 
including several busy hotels. Since the local underground water is unusable, 
fresh water is currently supplied to Bukhara from the city of Samarkand, almost 
300 km away.
With a weight of just 800 kilograms, the GEN-350 is 
transportable and can be installed easily. Each unit contains an internal water 
treatment system and need no infrastructure except a source of electricity in 
order to operate.
The GEN-350 was installed at the orphanage as part of a test 
pilot, estimated to run for about two months, in order to demonstrate the 
generators unique capabilities to produce hundreds of liters of clean, 
safe-drinking water in the arid environment of Bukhara.
Attending the inauguration ceremony of the GEN-350 were senior 
political leaders in Uzbekistan including First Deputy Prime Minister, Achilbay 
Ramatov; Prosecutor General, Otabek Murodov; Governor of the Bukhara region, 
Uktam Barnoev; and Mayor of Bukhara, Karim Kamolov.
All signs show that the the pilot has gotten off to a great 
start. Watergen’s Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Michael Rutman, who was 
present at the ceremony said: "I'm very pleased with the results of the GEN-350. 
The children were very excited to drink the high quality water from the 
GEN-350.”
Watergen’s president, Dr. Michael Mirilashvili added: 
“Uzbekistan's water utility company was thrilled with our water from air 
solution and requested to run pilots in several other regions of Uzbekistan. 
Although there is only 20% humidity in the air of Bukhara, the GEN-350 was still 
able to generate hundreds of liters of high-quality drinking water.”
Dr. Mirilashvili is also the visionary behind Watergen’s goal 
to provide clean, safe-drinking water to every human around the world. 
Watergen’s efforts to make fresh, pure water available around the globe earned 
the company its place on the World Economic Forum’s list of the world’s top 
technology pioneers in 2018.
About Watergen
Founded in 2009, Watergen 
has devoted its innovative technology towards solving the world’s water crisis 
under the leadership of its president, Dr. Michael Mirilashvili. Watergen 
provides a game-changing water-from-air solution based on its proprietary 
patented GENius technology that uses humidity in the air to create clean and 
fresh drinking water to people everywhere.
The company offers a range of water atmospheric generators 
(WAG) to answer the needs of various applications; the home-scale GENNY that can 
produce 27 liters of water per day, the medium-scale GEN-350 that produces up to 
900 liters of water per day and the industrial, large-scale generators that can 
make as many as 5,000 liters of water per day.
Watergen’s WAG are installed in several countries around the 
globe.
For more information, visit
www.watergen.com
[출처=
워터-온라인
(
https://www.wateronline.com/doc/watergen-orphans-uzbekistan-fresh-water-air-0001
) 
/ 2019년 5월 20일]
ⓒ글로벌물산업정보센터(
www.waterindustry.co.kr
) 무단전재 및 
재배포금지
이전글
[미국] 
엑손모빌, 올해 LNG선 100척 이상 발주 예상
다음글
[독일] 
Evonik, 폴리머 디자인 분야 경력 35주년 맞아